# SecKCDC27
Repository for all SecKC DC 27 Badge resources

This is a history making SecKC indie DEFCON 27 badge (welcome to the #LEDWars)!  We didn't set out to do it, but with 645 LEDs we have the most ever seen on a DEFCON badge.  The badge will feature multiple bling modes but one is likely to stand out above the rest.  The Matrix, one of the most influential films in hacker culture, celebrates it's 20th anniversary this year.  The badge's embodies The Matrix with a motif of green LEDs on the familiar SecKC logo and the (still in development) falling pattern is the primary bling mode!  The main LED board, in the shape of a hexagon, is comprised of 645 surface mount LEDs on black FR4, driven by two IS31FL3741 drivers.  The main controller board, in the shape of Bob's head on the logo, is a mezzanine board that sits atop the LED board.  Due to this modular design, there are different design options for the controller, and will allow savvy users to extend and customize the badge, and is available in black, white, or green.

Regarding pricing, first let us assure you it was a shock to us too and we never wanted it to be this high.   Most of the cost is due to the component cost, which is driven predominantly by the LEDs. We decided not to skimp on the quality of the LEDs due to the importance of the badge.  Other factors are finding a safe battery, having the LEDs board professionally assembled, and global trade tariffs.  For more details, see our upcoming blog post in our blog.
